I know that you can do everything and
that no purpose of yours can be withheld
from you you ask who is this who hides
counsel without knowledge
therefore I have uttered what I did not
understand there was too wonderful for
me which I did not know listen please
and let me speak
you said I will question you then you
shall answer me
I have heard of you by the hearing of
the ear but now my eyes sees you
therefore I abhor myself
and repent
in Dutch and so it was after the Lord
had spoken these words to Joe that the
Lord said to elephants the team at night
my wrath is aroused against you and your
two friends for you have not spoken of
me what is right as my servant job has
now therefore take for yourselves seven
bulls and seven Rams go to my servant
job and offer up for yourselves of burnt
offering and my servant job shall pray
for you for I will accept him lest I
deal with you according to your father
because you have not spoken of me what
is right as my servant Joan so Elif as
the temanite and bildad the shuhite and
zophar the name a fight went and did as
the LORD commanded them for the Lord had
accepted Joe
and the Lord restored job's losses when
he prayed for his friends indeed the
Lord gave job twice as much as he had
before then all his brothers all his
sisters and all those who had been his
acquaintances before came to him and ate
food with him in his house and they
consoled him and comforted him for all
the adversity that the Lord had brought
upon him each one gave him a piece of
silver and each a ring of gold now the
Lord blessed the latter days of job more
than his beginning for he had 14,000
sheep six thousand camels 1,000 yoke of
oxen and 1,000 female donkeys you also
had seven sons and three daughters and
he called the name of the first Jemima
the name of the second keziah and the
name of the third Karen Hopak in all the
land were found no women so beautiful as
the daughters of Joel and their father
gave them an inheritance among their
brothers after this job lived 140 years
and saw his children and grandchildren
for four generations so job died old and
full of days
you